Add more keys to vim navigation (#29208)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/vim/navigation/index.md

* In normal mode, the keys `h`, `j`, `k` , `l` correspond to moving the cursor
one character left, down, up, and right, respectively. 

* To navigate one word at a time, the keys `w`, and `b` will move the cursor to
the beginning of the next word, or the beginning of the previous word. The `e`
key will move the cursor to the end of the current word.

* To move to the beginning of the current line, type `0`, and to move to the end
of the current line, type `$`.

> * To make one navigation \<number\> time, type `number``navigating key`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To make one navigation `x` number of times, type the `number` then the `navigating key`
```
